They're Eating the Cats

Dark authoritarian rally rap built from real political quotes. Slow heavy flow, strong emphasis on rhythmic spoken delivery, crowd chants, repetitive slogans, industrial trap beat, hypnotic repetition, media-chaos atmosphere, minimal instrumental breaks.

Dark authoritarian rally rap built from real political quotes. Moderately slow heavy flow, strong emphasis on rhythmic spoken delivery, industrial trap beat, minimal instrumental breaks.

===

What you’re seeing
	And what you’re reading
	Is not what’s happening.

[Rumor Unreality]

They’re eating the dogs.  
They’re eating the cats.  
They’re eating the pets
	Of the people that live there.  
The people on television 
	Say my dog was taken 
	And used for food.

[Environment & Performative Expertise]

They say the noise causes cancer.  

If you have a windmill anywhere near your house, congratulations
	Your house just went down 75 percent in value.  

You want to see a bird graveyard?
Go under a windmill someday.  
You’ll see more birds than you’ve ever seen in your life.  

Their windmills are causing whales to die
In numbers never seen before.  
The windmills are driving the whales crazy.  
Believe me, I know more about wind than you do.

Nobody knows more about technology than me.
Nobody knows more about taxes than I do.
Nobody knows more about debt than I do.
Nobody knows more about construction than I do.
Nobody knows more about ISIS than I do.
Nobody knows more about water than me

An ocean that’s rising, 
	which will give you slightly more 
	beachfront property.

Everybody knows it

[Authoritarian Certainty]

I alone can fix it.
I am your retribution.
When somebody is the president of the United States, the authority is total.
He who saves his country violates no law.

A lot of people are saying
	Maybe we’d like a dictator.  
	
A lot of people are saying
	They had spies in my campaign.

So many people are saying 
	You’ve got to run again.

People are saying it all over the place.
Everybody knows it. Believe me.

[Elections: democratic contradiction]

	[2020]
This was a fraudulent election.
Frankly, we did win this election.
The voting system is corrupt.
The system is broken.
Everybody knows it.

Stop the count!
Count every legal vote.

I just want to find eleven thousand seven hundred eighty votes.

	[2024]
It was a landslide by every measure.

We won 
	Two thousand 
	Five hundred twenty five counties to 
	Five hundred twenty five counties.
	
Three hundred twelve electoral votes.

The greatest political movement in history.
The American people delivered an extraordinary victory.
The American people gave us a powerful mandate.
Too big to rig.

Everybody knows it
	
The only way we can lose is if they cheat.
	They cheat like hell.
	The system is still corrupt.
	
If everything’s honest, we win easily.
Watch the vote counting very carefully

They’re trying to steal it again
Everybody knows it



[Fake News: epistemic attack]

The fake news media is the enemy of the people.

Everything is fake.
These people are sick.

Knock the crap out of them, would you?
I’ll pay the legal fees.
Stand back and stand by.
Fight like hell.
Be there, will be wild.

[Drug Prices: arithmetic instability]

We’ve cut drug prices by 
 twelve hundred, 
 thirteen hundred, 
 fourteen hundred, 
 fifteen hundred percent.

By twelve hundred, 
 thirteen hundred, 
 and even fourteen hundred percent. 
And five hundred percent.

I don’t mean fifty percent.

Two hundred percent
Three hundred percent
Five hundred percent
Seven hundred percent
And even more than that.



[Tariffs: legal/economic unreality]

These are regulatory tariffs.
They are not revenue-raising tariffs.
	The fact that they raise revenue
	Is only incidental.
My tariffs are bringing in hundreds of billions of dollars.
The tariffs are paid for by foreign countries.
The tariffs will substantially replace the modern-day system of income tax



[Iran War: semantic collapse]

The only way he figures that he’s going to get reelected … 
	is to start a war with Iran.

I’m not going to start wars.
I’m going to stop wars.

The 12 day war.
The war in Iran is going along 
	swimmingly.
I don’t want to call it a war. 
You are supposed to get approval.

These were defensive strikes.
A whole civilization will die tonight.
We can do whatever we want.

It should be ending. Pretty soon.
It was perfect. I mean, it’s perfect.
The war is very close to being over.
The strikes do not indicate the ceasefire is over.
The ceasefire is on life support.
The ceasefire is holding.
A very good chance of ending.
We’re not finished.

Complete victory. There is a chance of real peace.
Iran’s military capabilities are collapsing.
The regime is toast.
The war is very complete, pretty much.
We have Only Just Begun to Fight.
Time is on our side.
We can do whatever we want.

One could say the war is both complete
	And just beginning.

Proceeding in an orderly and constructive manner.
Don’t rush into a deal.
We’re very far ahead of schedule.
The war had been terminated.
We can do whatever we want.

I will only sign a deal where we get everything we want
Reviewing new military options to relaunch the war.
Wrapping up is all in my mind, nobody else’s.
We’re not at war with Iran.
We’re at war with Iran’s nuclear program.
We can do whatever we want.

