Hail to the Thief
[Can be sung to the tune of "Hail to the Chief"]

[Generate one verse at a time, using the first as a guide for the others]
Traditional Protestant hymn, one complete hymn verse, slow and stately, majestic pipe organ, rich SATB choir led by a confident baritone, sincere congregational singing, cathedral acoustics, clear diction, four-part harmony, ends with a strong plagal "Amen"-style cadence and full stop, no intro, no outro, no instrumental break, no repetition, no fade-out, one continuous vocal performance.


[Verse 1: The Divine Right of Impunity (Impunity proves greatness.)]

Hail to the Thief who has captured our whole nation!
Hail to the Thief! He's the best at what he does!
He invents chicanery with such imagination!
He always gets away with it, the best that ever was!

[Verse 2: Canonization by Conviction (Conviction proves persecution, therefore greatness.)]

Hail to the Thief! - Now no law can stand above him!
Felonies just prove that he is far too great to fail!
As a star they let him do it so he's great that's why we love him!
Hail to the one that they can never put in jail!

[Verse 3: The Gospel of Success (The faithful proudly proclaim that their loyalty is unconditional.)]

Porn stars could not stop him; the preachers never turned away.
David had Bathsheeba! Why should this bother you?
Saints are judged by victory and not by what they do or say.
Make each sin into a virtue, that's what winners do!

[Verse 4: The Miracle of "Election Fraud" (Faith is measured by belief against evidence.)]

Lib-tards rig elections - you know they're always cheating.
Somehow they forgot last time, so now he's back in charge!
The King won in a landslide, he gave them quite a beating!
He should run elections now with cheaters still at large!

[Verse 5: Blessed Are the Powerful (Power itself is evidence of righteousness.)]

No other politician's ever taken nearly so much wealth!
He gets away with everything, our Commander in Chief!
If he admits he takes this much, imagine what he does by stealth!
Hail the nation's Greatest Grifter! Hail to the Thief!

